did not just declassify thousands of pages of his secret documents from
the 1970s that refer to events that occurred in the 1960s by that
time was in the central intelligence agency as an officer of that
North American body philip there for felip who represents this
declassification of documents from the chairs because they are called the jewels of
the family well you know that during the 70s there were a series of
scandals around the cia and its operations and a director james
Washington ordered in May 1973 that each section or division of the chair
prepare documents on possible acts that were carried out outside the
letter from the cia that is to say the law of 1947 that established the cia and determined that
can do that the agency cannot do one of the things that are prohibited
They are operations within the US, that is, any function for example
in the part that complies with the law that is
the prosecution of criminal acts and things like that they cannot have any
police power in the us and the cat documents reveal that they were
involved in anti-war movements in the us
if they clearly violated their cards but they did
at the insistence of the president the day began with johnson around the year 68 67
when johnson was determined to find the foreign hand in all the
protest movement against the war he was convinced that there was
financing of direction from outside the country such as for example by the street or
by some other country such as behind this moment movement of
protest and he ordered the CIA to investigate looking for this hand of
foreigner and was never found because there was none but anyway
that led to the chair violating his wallet that is, violating the law with
domestic activities and in less than three
had this document compiled or produced with
every possible case of illegal activities or outside the letter of the cia
you you were when people fell official people in the 60s and had
a lot of relationship also in a certain way with Latin America than what
discover or what these documents reveal are related to what
you reported in your book within the company well this documentation
starts at 59 and ends at 73 and that covers all the time that I study at
Latin America not all 12 years studying Asia but still a
much of it and I recognized so many numbers in this documentation and so many
activities and I learned a lot and did not find what I wanted to find
and that's possibly in the many serious page layouts that
they are totally blank because there are many not cons but there were in 1215
followed me not against what I'm looking for
about me because we know of a documentation is amount of
presentation that we get under the law of limiting the information outside
These include references to illegal and illegal acts that you are still committed
Against me in the years when I was in Paris and maybe London
those were years covered by this document because they were for the year 71 62
33 when I'm making my first book
daily from the cia I thought there might possibly be some
reference because they were illegal acts that is the document oil of the
recovery of the chair but I thought later that maybe they did not include because
They were not committed within the United States and they can say they were not
illegal and although it says that because they had to protect their information, their
personal and they knew that I am working on the book that is going to do
regulations don't know exactly what but they followed me through the streets of paris
because the streets in Madrid through the streets of Berlin everywhere
because I am traveling a lot and I did everything openly, not the
observations of flights or social if I remember once I
They followed the solution in Madrid and today my friends who came to look for me in the
hotel half an hour they took his house to spend the night because
and I am very nervous I do not know what would happen to the viewer has reported
Felipe was an agent of the central intelligence agency there.
empty when he understood the illegal activities in which the
company fundamentally against the peoples of Latin America and later
wrote that daily book of the chair within the company that took him by
also supposed the rejection within the within the cia the persecution and the
own persecution of the state government